We're doing a lot of things in our application.
However there's one thing we don't do yet in the head component.
If we click lock out we execute on log out and there we use deal of service.
Now I don't want to use the off service here.
Instead I want to do this directly from within my component so that I can get rid of the off service
so CAPTUS code from here go to the head or component and in all log out of directory say this store
dispatch log out and or copy the import from of actions into my head or component right before right
after our imports here.
So all the actions I need you are just the POF of course.
It's from the off folder like this.
And now I can dispatches here.
This means that the service isn't getting used anymore.
So we can simply delete that from here.
And for our core module where we no longer need to provide it we can't get rid of the imports here too.
Of course we all can now get rid of the import in the hetero component and any place where we might
have used it.
We don't need to inject it there anymore too.
So let's save this and let's see where else did we use it.
Worst is coming from probably just an era of the ideal as I'll just reject the restart and Reserve and
see if we get any errors where we don't find the off service.
So now with that finished let's see where is that missing.
We're missing it in the data storage service.
So let's head over there Judy.
Data storage service and let's get rid of the of services import and of the injection year because we
don't need it anymore.
We're not using it anyways.
So with that that's now working again the whole application seems to be working again.
But now we're managing all relevant to related to of indication through Engy our ex and especially useful
the effects module here.